master: add doc for tidb_enable_cache_prepare_stmt (#23216)
pingcap/docs: system-variables.md

- Default value: `OFF`.
- This variable controls whether to enable the [Non-prepared plan cache](/sql-non-prepared-plan-cache.md) feature for DML statements.

> ### `tidb_enable_cache_prepare_stmt` <span class="version-mark">New in v8.5.7 and v9.0.0</span>

Author: ```suggestion
### tidb_enable_cache_prepare_stmt <span class="version-mark">New in v8.5.7 and v9.0.0</span>
```

> **Warning:**
>

> > Currently, this variable is an experimental feature and is not recommended to be enabled in the production environment. This variable might be changed or removed without prior notice. If you find a bug, you can submit an [issue](https://github.com/pingcap/tidb/issues) on GitHub.

Author: ```suggestion
> Currently, this variable is experimental. It is not recommended that you use it in the production environment. This variable might be changed or removed without prior notice. If you find a bug, you can report an [issue](https://github.com/pingcap/tidb/issues) on GitHub.
```

- Scope: SESSION | GLOBAL
- Persists to cluster: Yes
- Applies to hint [SET_VAR](/optimizer-hints.md#set_varvar_namevar_value): Yes
- Type: Boolean
- Default value: `OFF`

> - This variable controls whether to cache the results of `Prepare` statements. Typically, an application only needs to execute `Prepare` once and then execute `Execute` multiple times. All subsequent `Execute` operations can reuse the results of the first `Prepare`. If your application repeatedly sends the same `PREPARE` statement, you can enable this variable so that TiDB can cache and reuse the processing results of identical `Prepare` statements, thereby reducing resource consumption.

Author: ```suggestion
- This variable controls whether to cache the results of `Prepare` statements. Typically, an application only needs to execute `Prepare` once and then execute `Execute` multiple times. All subsequent `Execute` operations can reuse the results of the first `Prepare`. If your application repeatedly sends the same `Prepare` statement, you can enable this variable so that TiDB can cache and reuse the processing results of identical `Prepare` statements, thereby reducing resource consumption.
```

> - This variable controls whether to cache the results of `Prepare` statements. Typically, an application only needs to execute `Prepare` once and then execute `Execute` multiple times. All subsequent `Execute` operations can reuse the results of the first `Prepare`. If your application repeatedly sends the same `Prepare` statement, you can enable this variable so that TiDB can cache and reuse the processing results of identical `Prepare` statements, thereby reducing resource consumption.

Author: ```suggestion
- This variable controls whether to cache the results of `Prepare` statements. Typically, an application only needs to execute `Prepare` once and then execute `Execute` multiple times. All subsequent `Execute` operations can reuse the results of the first `Prepare`. If your application repeatedly sends the same `Prepare` statement, you can enable this variable so that TiDB can cache and reuse the results of identical `Prepare` statements, thereby reducing resource consumption.
```

> - This variable controls whether to cache the results of `Prepare` statements. Typically, an application only needs to execute `Prepare` once and then execute `Execute` multiple times. All subsequent `Execute` operations can reuse the results generated by the first `Prepare`. If the application needs to repeatedly send the same `Prepare` statement, you can enable this variable so that TiDB can cache and reuse the processing results of identical `Prepare` statements, thereby reducing resource consumption.

Author: ```suggestion
- This variable controls whether to cache the results of `Prepare` statements. Typically, an application only needs to execute `Prepare` once and then execute `Execute` multiple times. All subsequent `Execute` operations can reuse the results of the first `Prepare`. If your application repeatedly sends the same `PREPARE` statement, you can enable this variable so that TiDB can cache and reuse the processing results of identical `Prepare` statements, thereby reducing resource consumption.
```
